Restructure the tutorial into page by page (#491)
nhsuk/nhsuk.service-manual.prototype-kit.docs: app/guides/build-basic-prototype/let-user-change-answers.md

order: 7
---

> If you select a change link, you'll go back to the right question page, but the existing answer will not be pre-filled.

Reviewer: Is the existing answer a saved answer?
Is pre-filling the same as adding `value: data.XXX` to a field?

Author: This is a bit unclear. It's meant to be explaining that their previous answer won't be prefilled until you add the `value` param.

How about this:

```suggestion
If you click a change link, you'll go back to the right question page, but the saved answer will not be shown.

To show the question as the user has answered it, allowing them to more easily change their answer, you need to add an additional line of code to each question.
```

Reviewer: Yeah sounds good

Keep ["select" versus "click"](https://guidance.publishing.service.gov.uk/writing-to-gov-uk-standards/style-guides/a-to-z-style-guide/#c) though, assume we do that too?

> **click**
> 
> Don’t use “click” when talking about user interfaces because not all users click. Use “select”.
> 
> You can use “right-click” if the user needs to right-click to open up a list of options to progress through the user journey.

Author: Using 'select' for links feels weird to me? 🤷 

Maybe 'follow' is better? 😄

Reviewer: "The change link will take you…"

Author: I've reworded to avoid 'click' in 3bc17c3c94fd18ee3e12a254284d516ccb7f34de
